Hi, I’m Matt Manzi, a self-driven, hardworking, technology solutions developer, smart home enthusiast, Mandarin learner, rock climber, traveler, and dog lover. In 2020, I graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Maryland, Baltimore County with a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, focusing on Cybersecurity, and a Certificate of Chinese Studies.

By profession, I’m a software engineer. By interest, I’m still that, but also a bit more. Since childhood, I’ve been driven to learn about all the different kinds of technology that power our lives: electronic & mechanical, software & hardware, cameras & audio, custom systems & open source. Along the way I picked up hobbies in filmmaking & photography, DJing, learning Mandarin, rock climbing, driving manuals, and traveling.

Before taking time to further pursue Mandarin study at an intensive immersion program [in Taiwan](https://airlinefood.mattmanzi.com/), I worked as a full-stack software engineer building SaaS applications on AWS. I contributed to every aspect of the cloud and local tech stacks: **TypeScript & JavaScript, AWS Lambda & AWS ECS** to write server applications in **Node.js**, frontend applications in **React & Angular**, **Docker, Terraform & AWS CloudFormation** to deploy those applications, **Python & Datadog** to optimize observability, logging, and auditing workflows, and **Bash scripting & various developer tooling** to improve the development experience. To challenge myself, I recently began contributing to open source projects I use, and I’m learning about operating systems and OS-level software development.

_If you think I might be a good fit for your team, let’s chat! Give me a call or send me a note: [(443) 384-7455](tel:4433847455) or [manzi.mattr@gmail.com](mailto:manzi.mattr@gmail.com)._
