In addition to its stated purpose, I used this project to parallel and bolster my web development skills at work. Here’s an extended set of takeaways and lessons learned for some of the major components of the project.

- **TypeScript**—I’m no stranger to critics who say it adds too much overhead to small projects. In my experience, the little bit of extra effort provides a 10-fold return in organization and safety when complexity grows beyond a single file. Type safety itself has saved me a number of times, but TypeScript also opens the door to more powerful linter configurations that provide additional benefit in ensuring code quality.
- **Terraform**—Unsurprisingly, infrastructure-as-code is still code and therefore still needs the level of maintenance as any other codebase. I enjoyed codifying the components for reproducible deployments. That said, it requires learning Terraform configuration, each of the providers (e.g. GCP, GitHub) you want to codify, Terraform’s CLI (probably their cloud offering, too), and GitHub workflows if you’re a cool kid. Put all that together and you have another project in your project.
- **Nx**—While I was working on this project, Nx was hailed as one of the best monorepo tools out there. With its all-encompassing CLI, plugin support, and robust customization, I understand why it garnered so much attention. However, even Nx isn’t immune to the challenges of complex directory structures. For example, I [discovered a bug](https://github.com/nrwl/nx/pull/9117) in the way a [development tool](https://storybook.js.org) was being invoked in subdirectories, and eventually came to the conclusion I was not going to be able to fix it. In my eyes, monorepos are a web dev’s [Tower of Babel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tower_of_Babel), the more functionality we try to put into one tool, the more fragile it will become until using it requires more maintenance than the actual project code.
